
FLIRT Signatures are really helpfull during ananlysing a stripped static Binary, but using them is not that easy, at least in my mind.

To generate a Signature File of a library, we first need the library as ***static***
compiled file.

> git clone https://github.com/bminor/glibc.git <br/>
> ../configure CFLAGS="-static -O1" --prefix "$glibc_install" <br/>
> make -j X <br/>

This will generate a static libc.a:
```
ldd libc.a
    not a dynamic executable
```

For generating a Signature File from the newly build `libc.a` we need
the signature-tools from IDA. To create Linux Library Files we need 
`pelf` and `sigmake`. Although running the `pelf` leads very frequently
to the following error.

```
pelf libc.a libc.pat
  Fatal [libc.a] (init-first.o): Unknown relocation type 42 (offset in section=0x21).
```

We can fix this by supporting relocation types, this is achieved by the 
`-r` switch. 

```
pelf -r 42:0:0 libc.a libc.pat
  libc.a: skipped 4, total 1567
```

This generates a pat-file with 1567 included signatures, before importing
the pat-file we have to convert it into a signature file, readable by IDA.

```
sigmake libc.pat libc.sig
  libc.sig: modules/leaves: 1291/1562, COLLISIONS: 18
  See the documentation to learn how to resolve collisions.
```

`pelf` is generating an entry for every Function found, sometimes 
functions have the same Signature, these collisions we have to fix.

All collisions are reported in a `.exc` file. We edit this file and insert
a `+` infront of every function we want to keep. We remove all the comments as
suggested and we call `sigmake` again.

The generated `.sig` file can be imported into IDA, therefore we copy it to the 
`C:\Program Files\IDA 7.0\sig\pc` folder. We can apply it later on a binary by: 
`File -> Load File -> FLIRT Signature File`

___
# Automatic Generation

There is a great tool on github which is generating Signature files
for all kind of Ubuntu Versions, using launchpad.net. 

[https://github.com/push0ebp/ALLirt](https://github.com/push0ebp/ALLirt)

But using this we have to be carefull, by default it zip's all the
signature files using the custom `zipsig` tool. This has to be undone
before copying into IDA.

Also all Ubunut Versions might be too much for your need, but chaning
the python script is super easy.

